Since 2004, SJ Innovation LLC has been creating and delivering bespoke software solutions to businesses globally.  What started as a humble family business has grown to become a global force with operations in Bangladesh, India, and our main headquarters in the heart of New York, USA.

At SJ Innovation LLC, our greatest strength lies in our competent and resourceful project management team. We pride ourselves on maintaining an engineering base right here in the United States. This allows us to deliver a sophisticated and nuanced experience that fulfills your specific business needs.

With our teams dispersed across the globe, communication is seamless, and you never have to worry about disturbing your sleep routine to communicate with your project manager. With over 160 employees worldwide who are well-versed in their chosen domains, SJ Innovation LLC has a wealth of experience and expertise at its fingertips.

At SJ Innovation LLC, we have 18 years of experience and a team of experts who are masters of their chosen domains, offering valuable years of cumulative experience. Our core values revolve around consistent diligence in achieving customer success and fostering an optimistic, vibrant, and committed workforce that collaborates effortlessly to attain a shared vision. Experience the perfect blend of innovation and excellence with us!


Shahed Islam is a thriving entrepreneur, an emerging business development leader, and a passionate mentor, consultant, and personal coach to SME Managers. Currently, the co-founder and CEO of ‘SJ Innovation LLC’, he has over 20 years of experience as a cross-functional global team builder, managing software development teams in India, Bangladesh, Ukraine, and the US. Shahed brought e-Commerce to the Bangladeshi community in the US through his BDBazar venture in the dot-com era.

Being the co-founder and COO of ‘SJ Innovation LLC’, Shahera has steadfastly played a decisive role in the company’s increasing development and expansion efforts. She, along with Shahed, began the company around 18 years back and proactively collaborates to resolve software outsourcing agency dilemmas and fine-tune software development strategies for iOS & Android App Development, Bootstrap & Foundation Frameworks.
